Chapter 01 - Inception 

Theory - 
●  What is Emmet? 
Ans: Emmet can type CSS-like expressions that can be dynamically parsed, and produce output depending on what you type in the abbreviation.
 Emmet is developed and optimised for web-developers whose workflow depends on HTML/XML and CSS, but can be used with programming languages too.

●  Difference between a Library and Framework?
Ans: A module is a piece of code that may be built upon, a package is a collection of modules, a library is a collection of pre-written code, 
	and a framework is a set of principles for developing applications.
	The technical difference between a framework and a library is established by a theory known as “Inversion of Control” (IoC). 
	When you use a library, you have control over the application flow, including how and when to access the library. When you use a framework, the flow is managed by the framework itself.
 
●  What is CDN? Why do we use it? 

Ans: A content delivery network (CDN) is a geographically distributed group of servers that caches content close to end users. A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading Internet content, 
	including HTML pages, JavaScript files, stylesheets, images, and videos.
	The primary purpose of a content delivery network (CDN) is to reduce latency, or reduce the delay in communication created by a network's design.

●  Why is React known as React? 
Ans:	React is called "React" because of its core feature, which is its ability to "react" or respond dynamically to changes in data. 

●  What is crossorigin in script tag? 
Ans:While we are using CDN link we need to set "crossorigin" Atribute to link source file.

●  What is diference between React and ReactDOM 
Ans:React library is responsible for creating views and ReactDOM library is responsible to actually render UI in the browser.

●  What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN? 
Ans:
react.development.js - More developer friendly, readable, will take more size.
react.production.js - Minified code that is not developer friendly as it focused on decreasing in file size, code efficiency.

●  What is async and defer? -  
Ans:Async allows your script to run as soon as it's loaded, without blocking other elements on the page. 
	Defer means your script will only execute after the page has finished loading.

Coding - 
●  Set up all the tools in your laptop - Done
○  VS Code  - Done
○  Chrome  - Done
○  Extensions of Chrome  - Done
●  Create a new Git repo  - Done
●  Build your first Hello World program using,  - Done
○  Using just HTML 
○  Using JS to manipulate the DOM 
○  Using React 
■  use CDN Links 
■  Create an Element 
■  Create nested React Elements 
■  Use root.render 
●  Push code to Github (Theory as well as code) 
●  Learn about Arrow Functions before the next class 
References: -  
https://beta.reactjs.org/apis/react/createElement -  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrHmpdORLu8